Add suggestion for `rustup` in README (#12344)
ddnet/ddnet: README.md

You can install the required libraries on your system, `touch CMakeLists.txt` and CMake will use the system-wide libraries by default. You can install all required dependencies and CMake on Debian or Ubuntu like this:

```sh

> sudo apt install build-essential cargo cmake git glslang-tools google-mock libavcodec-extra libavdevice-dev libavfilter-dev libavformat-dev libavutil-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev libfreetype6-dev libglew-dev libnotify-dev libogg-dev libopus-dev libopusfile-dev libpng-dev libsdl2-dev libsqlite3-dev libssl-dev libvulkan-dev libwavpack-dev libx264-dev ninja-build python3 rustup spirv-tools

Reviewer: I'd like to keep this as `rustc`, it'll work best when it works (auto-updated with the distribution without the user interfering). E.g. on Debian

I'd add a note that `rustup` can be used if the distribution package isn't new enough.

```

On older distributions like Ubuntu 18.04 don't install `google-mock`, but instead set `-DDOWNLOAD_GTEST=ON` when building to get a more recent gtest/gmock version.

> On older distributions `rustup` was replaced with `rustc`, however current versions require Rust Version `1.85.0`, where the latest `rustc` update is `1.75.0`. If you experience an issue with Rust Versions during compilation, this might be the reason why it appears.

Author: Should I add "latest stable `rustc` update" instead? To clarify that the stable version of 'rustc' is the problem here?
Heinrich mentioned that the dev version of 'rustc' (1.85.0) would be the expected outcome, but since it's a dev version (aka experimental), it might cause trouble somewhere eventually or require more frequent updating.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "stable"/"dev"? https://packages.ubuntu.com/source/noble-updates/rustc-1.85 This looks like a normal package to me. What about it is unstable? It'll actually get updated by the distribution automatically, and not by a user remembering to type `rustup update`.

Author: Just a slight misunderstanding in how 'rustup' and what you provided - 'rustup-1.85' worked. We can go with what you prefer.

Reviewer: Based on the discussion in Discord, let's go with `rustup` as the fallback, not `rustc-1.85`.

You can install the required libraries on your system, `touch CMakeLists.txt` and CMake will use the system-wide libraries by default. You can install all required dependencies and CMake on Debian or Ubuntu like this:

```sh

> sudo apt install build-essential cargo cmake git glslang-tools google-mock libavcodec-extra libavdevice-dev libavfilter-dev libavformat-dev libavutil-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev libfreetype6-dev libglew-dev libnotify-dev libogg-dev libopus-dev libopusfile-dev libpng-dev libsdl2-dev libsqlite3-dev libssl-dev libvulkan-dev libwavpack-dev libx264-dev ninja-build python3 spirv-tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo apt install build-essential cargo cmake git glslang-tools google-mock libavcodec-extra libavdevice-dev libavfilter-dev libavformat-dev libavutil-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev libfreetype6-dev libglew-dev libnotify-dev libogg-dev libopus-dev libopusfile-dev libpng-dev libsdl2-dev libsqlite3-dev libssl-dev libvulkan-dev libwavpack-dev libx264-dev ninja-build python3 rustc spirv-tools
```
I'd keep the `rustc` here.

```

> For newer distributions utilizing `rustup` which automatically provides `rustc` 1.85.0 and above (this command removes `rustc` and reinstalls it as part of `rustup`.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you distribution doesn't ship with a `rustc` that is new enough, you can use `rustup` which automatically provides `rustc` 1.85.0 and above (this command removes `rustc` and reinstalls it as part of `rustup`.):
```
`rustup` isn't what "newer distributions use", it exists for old and new distributions. It's just that some distributions don't ship new enough rustc in their package managers.

```sh
sudo apt install rustup
```

For older distributions utilizing specific `rustc` versions:
```sh
sudo apt install rustc
```

> 

Reviewer: You can drop this part if you re-add `rustc` to the original command line.
